# Limitations of This Document

This document is not 100% authoritative. For extremely minor details (such as the name or exact location of a channel changing, or the exact bot used to manage roles etc.), this document may get out of sync and whatever is being used in practice trumps the text of this document. That said, when such discrepancies are noticed this should be updated to reflect them, just to eliminate confusion.

In addition, as long as leadership role duties don't significantly drift, it's very likely that the roles will naturally grow to better define their duties and practices over time, as long as it's not a radical departure from the general concept of the role as defined here, an issue of accountability or community safety, or a major escalation of role privileges, this document need not always be voted on and changed. There may come a time in which this whole thing needs a major update to reflect the current roles in practice just for documentation purposes, and that's okay. It's fine for things to evolve to better suit our community without a formal process for everything.

However, this document should be considered authoritative in all "substantive" matters - specific leadership structures, prohibited actions, transparency and accountability requirements, measures to keep the community welcoming and leadership positions accessible, etc. If the leadership team is found to not be following these policies, an effort must be made to correct either their practices (including following all relevant accountability measures), or (in minor cases that haven't caused any harm), this document.