# Carrying Out and Recognizing Recusal

Level 1 is technically not a recusal, but just an informational heads up. The vast majority of "CoIs" for non-mediation situations will fall into this category, given those duties tend to not involve very sensitive topics.

Recusal methods 2 and 3 are relatively straightforward and easy to enforce - it's easy to check whether the person voted, and whether they were the person in charge of the process. That said, even if a person is not the "point person" they may still be in violation if they contributed overly-much despite not technically being the "owner". Benefit of the doubt should be given in most cases, but extreme or repeated mistakes of this variety may end up triggering an [Accountability Process](#accountability-and-mediation).

Recusal method 4 requires the leader to not engage with the topic whatsoever, including not giving input at meetings while the topic is being discussed. Recusal method 4 should be handled in a group DM off the server, with only a summary being posted, to minimize the information the leader receives. Leaders who are abstaining at level 4 or 5 are also required to not talk about the process privately with any other member of the leadership team directly involved with handling the situation, to avoid influencing the decision indirectly.

Level 6 represents situations where a leader is involved in a sensitive situation directly. If the leader is under investigation, they may have their leadership suspended during the process (see [Mediation](#accountability-and-mediation)); however, if they are a witness, victim, or support person, they may simply be forced to act as a user within the context of said process. In this case, they are essentially at level 3 recusal, with the caveat that they are allowed "commentary" in the same way as any other user giving testimony, rather than input from a leadership perspective. In such cases, they are still barred from discussing the situation socially with the Mediators responsible for the conflict.